♪ Who's gonna help when the danger overwhelms ♪
♪ And the mysteries are piled high? ♪
♪ Who's gonna be around, never gonna let you down ♪
♪ When you're on a wild ride? ♪
♪ Your friends are always by your side ♪
♪ It's Craig of the Creek, he's gonna save the day ♪
♪ It's Craig of the Creek ♪
Where is it?
It's gonna be okay, Craig.
We just got to retrace our steps from yesterday.
It's not like your math homework just grew legs and walked off.
So this ain't it? That's a caterpillar, JP,
and it's not gonna tell us where Craig's homework is.
Those guys never break.
Oh, it's got to be around here somewhere!
Okay. That's a pH level of three.
Wren, are you getting that?
Yeah, yeah. Hey!
This is a highly controlled environment.
Get your foot out of the creek!
Sorry!
Um, have you guys seen a piece of paper with some math on it?
What are we talking about here?
Calculus? Statistics?
It's a worksheet, about decimals.
No gold star on it yet [Chuckles] but there will be.
Have you seen it?
I know where your papers are!
You do?
You see, all matter is simply an assembly
of subatomic particles
that arrange and rearrange themselves
into all possible matter in existence!
The atoms that were once created in a star,
now make up the atoms in -- umm -- this leaf!
I don't...
Therefore, if everything is everything,
then this leaf is your math homework!
Uh, I don't think you're getting that gold star, Craig.
Wren, come on, we need to find out
who's peeing in the creek, not solve string theory!
Oh, actually, I think I saw a worksheet over there.
There it is!
Okay, it's due tomorrow,
but at least this leaves me tonight to work on it.
Huh? What is it?
Someone filled in all the answers.
They're all correct?
Who would do this? Hmm.
Clearly, an elven mathlete has chosen Craig
to be his apprentice.
You'll probably have to live in the woods now.
Aww, I'm so jealous.
You're gonna get to eat bark and take a bride who's a deer.
Wait! Wait, there's -- there's something written on the back.
What does it say? I can't read it.
It's written all weird.
Yeah, look at that writing.
We got elves for sure, you guys!
Let me see.
Similar to elven, but no, this is cursive!
I recognize it from my bubbie's birthday cards.
"I did your homework. Hope you don't mind.
Pretty tough stuff." And it's signed "Helen."
"Helen"? Well, that doesn't sound like a name for an elf.
More like a stay-at-home nurse.
Yes, it's old-fashioned. I like it!
Well, it was really nice of Helen to do that.
I should write her a thank-you note.
Hello, Helen.
I'm Craig.
Thank you so much for doing my homework.
I'd like to give you a Choco-Roll as thanks.
Meet me here after school?
From Craig and his friends Kelsey and JP.
[ Clears throat ]
And Mortimer.
Hey, Craig, thanks for reading out loud
so we all felt included.
Okay, guys, let's meet back here first thing after school.
Maybe we'll get to see Helen in person.
I don't know, I guess I just felt like,
I found the rat, I should be allowed to touch it.
Adults! Am I right?
Hey, Craig. Where's Helen?
I don't know. We must've just missed her.
But she left another note.
Give it here.
[ Clears throat ]
"Hello, Craig. I'm sorry. I must've missed you.
I left my house as soon as my school lessons ended."
Wait. She left her house?
"I would've come sooner, but my mom's a strict teacher."
Her mom's the teacher?
"I've never heard of Choco-Rolls,
but if they're anything like chocolate,
they would be forbidden for me to eat."
Forbidden?!
"I do appreciate the offer, though.
Thank you for writing back. Helen."
What on Earth is that girl talking about?!
None of that made any sense.
The ancient handwriting, mom teachers, no Choco-Rolls.
Maybe we should just ask someone what's going on.
I think the explanation is obvious.
This Helen must live in another dimension!
ALL: Another dimension?
Yeah, I don't know about that.
Yeah, I'm a little skeptical.
Yeah, me too, and I believe everything.
Allow me to explain.
Normally alternate dimensions exist apart from each other,
its inhabitants living completely separate existences.
But I believe that clearing has somehow become a gateway,
a rift in time and space that's allowing your letters
to travel back and forth and back and forth
and back and forth between our dimension and hers!
Oh, sweet Sagan.
Someone's got her yapping about multiple dimensions again.
M-theory is purely a mathematical concept.
There's no experimental evidence for it.
Not yet, there isn't.
Craig! W-W-What?
I need you to get into contact with that Helen girl
and ask her about her world.
Please, Craig! I need supporting evidence!
CRAIG:  "Dear Helen, I'm writing to inform you
that we believe you are in a different dimension.
Your customs sound strange,
and we'd like to request more information about your world.
Please write back soon. Craig."
Dear Craig, that certainly is an interesting theory.
I'll help however I can.
Do you have a trading tree in your dimension?
It's this huge oak tree in our world
where you can come trade stuff.
Kids from all over the creek unite there
with one common desire -- to snack.
I know that oak tree. I call it the ghost-town tree.
I always sensed there must've been kids there once,
but in my world, it's an abandoned wasteland.
It's probably for the best.
I'm a little shy around lots of other kids.
I'm always afraid they'll think I'm too...different.
Being different here is more than welcome.
I can be just as weird as everyone else.
That's why I love the creek.
You never have to feel alone.
It can be lonely at my creek,
but that's the best part, if you ask me.
Here, I'm the queen of my own kingdom.
The creek comes alive when no one's here.
Animals sing happily, and the creek water flows like music.
I listen to it at the Sun Rock,
my favorite spot at the creek.
It might be a little silly, but I wrote a poem about it.
I thought you might like to hear it.
Beloved creek, beloved rock,
under the sky, but up so high,
so I may sit with the sun and warm my buns.
[ All shivering ]
Our sun rock isn't as warm here as it is in your dimension.
It's actually pretty chilly.
But I still really like your poem.
You write about the creek so beautifully, I feel like
I'm seeing it again for the first time.
It figures.
I finally met someone
who loves the creek as much as I do,
and they live in another dimension.
Well, we managed to get our letters to each other.
Maybe it's not impossible for us to meet in person.
If there is a way, we'd have to find it fast.
The seasons are changing,
and my allergies will be acting up soon.
I'm going to have to leave the creek for a month.
What?! Kelsey, am I reading this right?
Here. Let me check.
[ Mumbling ]
Yep, that's what it says.
Oh, geez!
A month is way too long!
What if she forgets about us by then?
What if the rift disappears?
I got to meet her before it's too late.
[ Snoring ]
Wren, you were right! I knew it!
Wait. What was I right about?
The other dimension!
I knew it!
But I need your help.
If we follow these blueprints accordingly,
we should be able to create a doorway
between our dimensions.
There's a big storm coming up Friday morning.
The electrical currents should create just enough power
to allow us to cross dimensions for a few minutes.
It's your only shot, Craig.
CRAIG:  "Dear Helen, my friends and I have figured out a way
to cross over to your world.
We're doing all the complicated work on our end,
so don't worry about the details.
Just meet us here at sunrise.
Bring a bag of cool stuff from your dimension,
and I'll do the same.
Then we can trade!
I'll see you soon.
Sincerely, Craig."
"It sure sounds like you and your friends
are going through a lot of trouble just to meet me.
However, if things don't turn out the way you planned,
I hope you won't be too disappointed.
Gratefully yours, Helen."
[ Laughs maniacally ]
[ Electricity zapping ]
Lift those arms.
There. That way you won't get lost on the other side.
If anything goes wrong, JP will be your anchor.
Physically and emotionally.
WREN: When you're ready, Craig.
Bundle up.
It can get a little chilly between realities.
Hey, tell Helen I say, "What's up?"
[ Thunder crashes ]
Helen! It's me -- Craig!
A-Are you there?
The link is established to the other side!
I've proven the existence of alternate dimensions!
[ Thunder rumbling ]
Craig! Hurry up!
We don't know how long this thing's gonna hold together.
Helen! We should hurry.
I can't. I -- I'm afraid.
It's okay!
The ion field generated from these old Christmas lights
will keep us safe.
No, I mean I'm afraid that --
that you're not gonna like me.
I'm afraid you're gonna be disappointed.
That's impossible. I like you already.
I like your name and your poems.
[ Thunder crashes ] Huh!
Forget about the storm.
Forget about the interdimensional doorways.
We're just two kids in the creek saying hello.
Hi. My name is Craig.
Hi, Craig. My name's Helen.
[ Thunder crashes ]
And my name's Wren!
The door's in danger of overloading!
You're gonna have to come back!
I need more time!
Whoa! [ Grunts ]
The field matrix is destabilizing!
Hurry! Or else you'll be lost in the void forever!
Helen! I'm sorry! I have to go back!
You should too!
Wait! Don't forget!
This is it!
[ Grunts ]
Ah! Helen!
Aah!
Yes! I have proof!
Ha ha ha ha!
Helen?
I hope she made it back okay.
Open it up.
JP: Aw, dang!
Is that a three-ring binder?
KELSEY: Sugar-free Chunkies?
Ooh! Nice friendship bracelet.
Oh, hey. Look, guys.
It's starting.
Do you guys think it's like a-a sign from Helen?
She's saying hi from just one dimension away.
CRAIG: Heh. Definitely.
♪ When it's time to go to bed ♪
♪ I know I don't have to feel alone ♪
♪ 'Cause I'll see you tomorrow ♪
♪ At the creek ♪
Just like I drew it.
♪♪